[DOCS] PCB Anomaly Detection readme and get started rework (#599)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: manufacturing-ai-suite/industrial-edge-insights-vision/apps/pcb-anomaly-detection/docs/user-guide/get-started.md

- [System Requirements](system-requirements.md)

## Setup the application

The following instructions assume Docker engine is correctly set up in the host system.

> If you don't have docker, follow the [installation guide for docker engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not, follow the [installation guide for docker engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/).
```

1. Clone the **edge-ai-suites** repository and change into industrial-edge-insights-vision directory. The directory contains the utility scripts required in the instructions that follows.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites.git
    cd edge-ai-suites/manufacturing-ai-suite/industrial-edge-insights-vision/
    ```

2.  Set app specific environment variable file:

    ```bash
    cp .env_pcb_anomaly_detection .env
    ```

3.  Edit the `HOST_IP`, `MTX_WEBRTCICESERVERS2_0_USERNAME` and `MTX_WEBRTCICESERVERS2_0_PASSWORD` environment variables in the `.env` file as follows:

    ```bash
    HOST_IP=<HOST_IP>   # IP address of server where DLStreamer Pipeline Server is running.

    MTX_WEBRTCICESERVERS2_0_USERNAME=<username>  # WebRTC credentials e.g. intel1234
    MTX_WEBRTCICESERVERS2_0_PASSWORD=<password>

    # application directory
    SAMPLE_APP=pcb-anomaly-detection
    ```

4.  Install the pre-requisites. Run with sudo if needed.

    ```bash
    ./setup.sh
    ```

>     This script sets up application pre-requisites, download artifacts, sets executable permissions for scripts etc. Downloaded resource directories are made available to the application via volume mounting in docker compose file automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This script sets up application pre-requisites, downloads artifacts, sets executable permissions for scripts etc. Downloaded resource directories are made available to the application via volume mounting in docker compose file automatically.
```

## Deploy the Application

> 5.  Bring up the application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Start the Docker application:
```

    }
    ]
    ```

> 9.  Stop pipeline instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9.  Stop pipeline instances.
```

        "state": "RUNNING"
    }
    ```

>     If you wish to stop a specific instance, make sure to identify it with the --id argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To stop a specific instance, identify it with the `--id` argument.
```
